Update index.md (#4188)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/min-max-clamp/index.md

composed (i.e. `font-size: max(min(0.5vw, 1em), 2rem)`). 

{% Aside %} When using a calculation inside of a `min()`, `max()`, or `clamp()`

> function, you can mix the `calc()`. For example, writing `font-size:

Reviewer: Actually, I think 'nix' is the right word here. For this to make sense, the formulas in the following line need to be reversed.

@una, please weigh in.

Reviewer 2: nix is correct

Reviewer 2: You can remove the calc() might be more clear?

Reviewer 3: "Nix" is technically correct but this PR is evidence that using a less common word causes confusion. So, yes, let's replace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
function, you can remove the call to `calc()`. For example, writing `font-size:
```
